- To run all the tests of a project Open the terminal and just write 'pytest', and Python will recognise all the tests written in all the files of that project. (run pytest by navigating to the project)
- How to run a python file from the command line:  Navigate to the project folder and type 'python3 file path/file name'
- @pytest.mark.tag (tag here represents any name you wish to give to the tag for this mark) ---- this feature can be used in a scenario for example I wish to create a smoke test set or regression test set from the existing tests then tagging them with this feature will run specified tagged test only.
        -- To run the specifically tagged tests we need to create an environment by navigating to 'Edit configuration from run button dropdown' > name the test (example: smoke test) > add arguments '-m tag name', now save and run the tests using this environment.
- 'pytest.ini' is a file we need to create to store all the customise marker tags we will use in our tests, which will then avoid giving warnings when code is run, also it is helpful for others to working on the same project to know what are the existing-customised marks created and its short description.
- '@pytest.fixture()' : fixtures can be used to remove duplicating/repeating test code. A method can be created with common/repeated module and then can be called as per need. 'conftest.py' is the one that works with pytest framework and all the fixtures are maintained here so the fixtures can be used project wide
        -- while writing fixtures 'yield' is used to return the value, anything written before yield statement is executed before each test, and anything written after the yield statement is executed after each test is completed.
- 'pytest -m positivetest -n=2' this is a command to run a test from commandline using markers and parllel execution (-n=2) for cross-browser testing.
- 'implicitly_wait(*)' is used globally to make browser wait until all the elements are found specified in test
 